Update recruiting.md (#440)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: contributors/join-us/recruiting.md

9. **Learn, Master, Teach:** Building new skills, becoming experts, and training others is core to our culture.
10. **Friends around the world:** Build relationships with staff and contributors in dozens of countries.

In addition to this page, we also encourage anyone interested in interviewing at Mattermost to read [About Mattermost](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost). 

## Working and Meeting Across the Globe

> ### Work Anywhere

Reviewer: Instead of 'work anywhere', I wonder if we'd consider using 'Remote-first' as the section header.

"Remote-first" is one of they components of our culture and is also highlighted in the "About Company" section here: https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost#company

Reviewer: To add, many of the concepts below (working anywhere with good internet, being explicit, emphasizing written communication, etc) is because we are remote-first, not because we are distributed (which could mean working in local offices across the world).

Reviewer 2: I'm +1 on "remote-first".

Author: Completely agree, and I like this update. I think it also lends itself to a future update to further define how we behave as a remote-first team.

Author: I updated to include a link back to the "About Company" page. If that's off-style for a header, I can remove.

> ### Work Anywhere

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Remote First
```

> We’re headquartered in Palo Alto, California and, like many open source companies, a large portion of Mattermost, Inc. works across the globe. We run as a distributed, high performance and high trust team using a few principles:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We’re headquartered in Palo Alto, California and, like many open source companies, Mattermost's staff and contributors are widely geographically located. We run as a distributed, high performance, and high trust team using a few principles:
```

#### 1. Work Anywhere with Good Internet

Working from anywhere means more time with loved ones, no commute, and controlling everything about your workspace.

The one requirement is having the ability to occassionally [join video calls using Zoom](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362023-System-Requirements-for-PC-Mac-and-Linux) between 8am and 1pm California time, which requires a good enough internet connection.

Recommended download/upload speeds should be 8 Mbps/512 kbps for smooth group calling and screensharing, with a bare minimum of 4 Mbps/128 kbps. The [Ookla Speed Test](https://www.speedtest.net/) can be used to check your internet speed.

There are exceptions to this requirement, for example: part-time roles that don’t need to take meetings, or roles providing support outside core meeting hours. Hiring Managers and Recruiters will indicate any time zone requirements for specific roles and/or teams.

We are continually expanding where we can hire staff, updated lists can be found [here](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/join-us) 

> #### 2. Be Explicit

Reviewer: Do you mean being precise?

Author: I like precise. I had copied this portion from the core handbook page - https://docs.mattermost.com/process/working-at-mattermost.html#be-explicit but I think precise sets a better tone and accomplishes the same intent. Thanks @jasonblais!

> #### 2. Be Explicit

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### 2. Be Clear and Precise
```

Working in a distributed organization means it may take time before a person reads your message and responds, so make sure you are clear.

Communicate relevant information in the first message:

* Avoid “Are you free to talk?” and “Can we talk about something at 3pm?”, instead use “Can we speak about ulimit issue Customer X is having?”

Write unambiguously:

* Avoid “I think the answer is Yes”, instead use “Yes”, “No”, or “I think the answer is Yes, I’ll confirm with Steve and let you know.”

Likewise, we emphasize written communication. Reading is faster than listening and it reaches more people, which means more happens in less time.

> #### 3. Follow Through

Reviewer: Should we tie this to the 'ownership' leadership principle? E.g. "Own your outcomes" or "Own your work"

Reviewer 2: +1 on "Take Ownership" and then adding "Own the outcomes of your work" to the body.

Author: +1 lmk if the Brown M&Ms is too much or needs more description.

> #### 3. Follow Through

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### 3. Take Ownership
```

> When working on problems, make sure to be clear about next steps, and either follow through or create a ticket to track the work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Own the outcomes of your work: When working on problems, requests, and feedback always be clear about next steps, and either drive the resolution or create a ticket to track the work. Communicate blindspots and help your teammates understand potential [Brown M&Ms](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost/mindsets#brown-m-and-ms)
```

> #### 4. Hang Out

Reviewer: What do you think about "Make meaningful connections"?

Reviewer 2: +1 on that.

> #### 4. Hang Out

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### 4. Make Meaningful Connections
```

Author: What're your thoughts on "Build Camraderie" as a tie-back to 'quality work relationships" and staff enablement?

Reviewer: I like the concept. I wonder how well "Build Camraderie" as a term is known by non-English audiences, something to consider

Author: That's a good point. Do you think "Embrace Camaraderie" would make a difference, or is it the word 'Camaraderie'? Curious, are there any terms used in other regions that you, @jasonblais @justinegeffen know of that have a similar concept? I like the idea of using a non-English, or even non-North American word or term.

Reviewer: @natalie-hub wondering if you were open to reaching out with someone like Jesús? He might be able to share what it means to him, sparking an idea on different terms.

We could even simplify it to "Get to know each other", something GitLab uses at https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/values/#collaboration (may need to scroll down a little bit).

Author: @jasonblais @justinegeffen  -  sorry for the roundabout, "Make Meaningful Connections" makes sense and is aligned with the newly created Workplace V2MOM, see link. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pB63Iqo0gXRpzKOm7ugqeFkUgLlOa_H61djcFaid9Vc/edit?userstoinvite=amy.nicol%40mattermost.com&ts=5f59058d&actionButton=1  CC: @hannaparks

3. **Interview Project:** All take-home projects will list the expected amount of time expected to complete. We really appreciate all of the time spent completing a take-home project. As a 'thank you,' candidates will be invited to select a gift option upon completion of the project.
4. **Final Interviews:** This typically includes the Hiring Team's [MLT](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost/list-of-terms#mlt) and one of our co-founders. **Note:** For Director and above interviews, both Mattermost co-founders will interview candidates.
5. **Final Decision:** A member of the Hiring Team will reach out to you to let you know our decision.

We hope that you have a great experience interviewing at Mattermost and welcome any feedback you may have. We may invite candidates to share feedback about our interview process so we may continually improve the process and experience.

## Reference Checks and Offer Stage

> Candidates will receive a verbal offer to join Mattermost. Upon verbal acceptance, the hiring team will send the contract paperwork to the new candidate. Offer letters will be signed internally first, with the [CAO](The stages are as follows: [CAO to initial](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/operations/company-processes/company-agreements#who-are-contract-accountability-owners-caos) as the first signer. The to-be-new staff member will be the third and final signer.

Reviewer: This line is incorrectly formatted, but I wasn't sure what is the proper form. Let me know if you need help - feel free to post the intended text, and Justine or I can help with the Markdown formatting.

> Candidates will receive a verbal offer to join Mattermost. Upon verbal acceptance, the hiring team will send the contract paperwork to the new candidate. Offer letters will be signed internally first, with the [CAO](The stages are as follows: [CAO to initial](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/operations/company-processes/company-agreements#who-are-contract-accountability-owners-caos) as the first signer. The to-be-new staff member will be the third and final signer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Candidates will receive a verbal offer to join Mattermost. Upon verbal acceptance, the hiring team will send the contract paperwork to the new candidate. Offer letters will be signed internally first: 
- [CAO to initial](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/operations/company-processes/company-agreements#who-are-contract-accountability-owners-caos) as the first signer.
- The prospective staff member will be the third and final signer.
```
Who is the second signer?

Author: Ian is the second signer. That wasn't clear, I'll submit an edit.

If there’s something urgent going on at work, just let [teammates know your status](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/workplace/people/working-at-mattermost/paid-time-off#where-to-go-to-see-whos-out).

For most roles, we require the ability to join meetings between 8am and 1pm California time. The exception is people who are dedicated to support in other timezones, or team members that don’t need to be in real-time discussions.

**Paid Time Off and Holidays**

Just as flexible as our working hours, learn about our [paid time off and holidays policy and process](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/workplace/people/working-at-mattermost/paid-time-off).

**Home Office Benefits**

Staff have full control of their own space. We offer a [guideline on home office purchases](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-spend-company-money#home-office-guidelines).

We understand that working from home every day may not be practical for every individual. We will reimburse staff for [flexible office space](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-spend-company-money#other-expenses).

**Mobile and Home Internet**

> We also will reimburse a portion of team member's [monthly mobile device subscriptions](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-spend-company-money#mobile-device-policy) and [home internet cost](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-spend-company-money#other-expenses).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We reimburse $50 per month of [home internet costs](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-spend-company-money#other-expenses) as well as a portion of [monthly mobile device subscriptions](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-spend-company-money#mobile-device-policy) where appropriate.
```
